# can-a-space-feel-
this project aims to understand what are our effects in spaces. 

the goal of this project is showing us to what is our impacts when we are in spaces. I want to collect body temperature datas, speaking frequency datas to process.
considering body temperature datas as emotions that can read by a neural network aslo sound frequency and decibel can consider as emotions.
in the end, I want to map simultaneously those by colors and shapes. this maps will showen on a 150x200cm screen. 

I am a MArch. student who wants to understand neural networks and use them in spaces.
I will try to explain how it works. 

total screen size = 150 x 200
total amount of people per hour (it can be day,week or else) = AT


total amount of people = AT
a1 = total amount of person who is happy (by body temperature) (will define with individual shapes and colors)
a2 = taof who is euphoric 
a3 =
a4 =
.
.
.
.
an = toaf who is 

how it will understand people's emotions by body temperature?
- by feeding it with images that defines emotions by B.T. 

total pixel amount / AT = People Grid (PG) (range of the size of grid)
- ex: if there are 100 person per hour, 1.5 x 2 cm square will define each person
-  if there are 500 person per hour, 0.3 x 0.4 cm square will define each person

each AT values will added individually
biggest value will define the widest areas 

PG/ AT values = Emotions Grid (EG) (individual ranges of the size of grids)
every shape should generated by it is strength in average
if it is strong emotion it should generates bigger cells 

a1/AT = gradient ratio (GR) (every emotion will lose saturation by their gradient ratio)
a2/AT
.
.
.
an/AT ...

EG = radius of geometry (colored shapes)
EG x GR = main geometry (fully saturated area)

in the end we will have an image which defines our average emotional effect in space.
the problem is I dont know how can I do that on 
I need to learn how I can write it as a script

these can be the steps:
-image processing
-data collecting
-data mapping
-visualization

I am open the any kind of help to improve that 


